George H: Okay, perfect. So this is your semicolour updates workshop. I'm gonna go over some essentials that you guys need to know about the work, about the updates in general. And then we're gonna go through some examples with 2 of our founders. Shelly, I'm gonna spotlight you as well.
George H: Okay. Now you can see you're gonna see on the video yourself.
George H: and then we'll go through example. So Shelley says, before Alex, this is your 1st time. Brent is also joining us, and we've done this a bunch of times, so we'll let Brent join.
George H: So while I wait
George H: let's do intros, let's meet them. I was. Gonna wait till Brian gets here.
George H: Really. Yeah.
George H: I'm just excited, Alex Shelley. Thanks for being here. So.
Alex Poe: Thank you for having us.
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: Yeah, thanks for having us.
George H: Like, I said this morning, you guys are gonna need to do weekly updates from weeks 1 13. So there should be 13 total. It starts this week. Everybody asks me like what what counts as the week like. Can I send it this Sunday? Does that count as week one? It's really up to you. I think it's in it next week and title it week one. It's totally fine. It's it's just that you're doing it at a weekly cadence. And they're gonna count the total that you do. And they're gonna read them.
George H: Sometimes exars doesn't open your updates. And like, if you have a tool that tells you that. Don't be offended. They're checking that you send them, and a lot of them will go back and read them. If you guys are in follow up funding, or if they're evaluating your company for any sort of reason. So it's so important to send them. This is the email address, you're gonna want to write down. And you're gonna want to send your updates, too. We're gonna get both through like what should be in your updates what are good examples. This is just the logistics of it.
George H: So update@techsair.com.
George H: and then our team wants them to send them to Neil. Send them to Sylvia Chloe, Argentina, myself.
George H: All of us would love to hear your updates, and then I'm going to post in Base camp because it's too long to write up there. But we have a special email address
George H: that I'd like you guys to also send it to. That sends it straight into our portfolio support base camp, so that if there's any sort of asks or anything you guys have, we can address it as a team and help get you guys to help. It makes a lot easier for us to then sort your needs. And then, like, assign people tasks to go help you out. Yeah. So it's just a series of like letters and numbers@basecamp.com. I'll post that along with this email. Please send it to both of them
George H: that helps us. One goes to our base so we can help you guys.
George H: other things for weekly updates. It's helpful because you're going to be able to send it to mentors that you meet investors that you're interested in even customers that want to follow along your journey. Any friends and family who are interested in following your journey.
George H: I would make sure that you ask someone before adding them onto your updates. So you're going to meet a lot of people, something you can ask people on Mentor madness or otherwise. Hey, would you like like this is a great meeting. Would you like to follow along my progress. Can I add you to my weekly updates? And then, at the end of program, I suggest not doing weekly anymore. Just switch to monthly or Quarterly Weekly is a lot to do when you're not in
George H: while you are in Texas. This is a great way to track your progress, to kind of like keep journals of what's going on and what you're doing each week of Texters that you can look back on. A lot of people use theirs to go ahead and publish on Linkedin, or things like that.
George H: Like more public friendly versions of it. Do you want to say anything about updates before we go into some. I mean, I think Shelly has a time limit. So you probably want to jump in. Okay, we'll start with shelly. Okay, shelly. And Alex, do you guys want to introduce yourselves and then we'll let shelly show her updates.
George H: Can you guys hear me.
Alex Poe: Shoot.
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: Yeah. Let's go ahead.
George H: Yeah, I'll.
Alex Poe: Yeah, just very briefly. So. I'm 1 of the co-founders of chamber we did Oakland textiles Oakland.
Alex Poe: Like we finished in January of this year. We help sales teams, close more deals through game based simulations. And it's been a great yeah pleasure to just stay along in the community post program, so I couldn't be more excited for you. Everyone who's starting this journey.
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: Yeah.
Alex Poe: The next 3 months of your life will be amazing.
George H: I don't know.
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: Hi, guys, I'm Shelley, Gupta, CEO, and founder of Bake it box we introduce cultural education and stem learning through baking projects. I was in the summer of 2022 class with Neil and Iliana. So yeah, exciting to be part of the beginning of your journey.
George H: It's so good to see you both. So we're in our new Sf office, by the way, so.
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: Amazing love. It.
George H: Yeah in the classroom. Come, visit us anytime. So, Shelley, you have about 15 min with us. Right? You have to like.
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: A little longer than that. I got 3, 45, or my time. I gotta jump off.
George H: Okay, great. So we'll start with you. Do you want to share some of your updates? And for you Shelly has raised up? Is it public. How much you've raised.
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: Over 700,000.
George H: Over 700,000. So she can talk from like the investor perspective. A lot of people wonder how to split their updates like, where do I put my confidentials versus things? I wouldn't want. Share things like that.
George H: 1st of all, you should all expect that anything you send that's not like confidential, and to only your investors anything you send to mentors, etc, you should expect that it might be forward
George H: so like a lot of people get really offended that a mentor forwarded this to someone else, and that person has a competitor in their portfolio or something like that. That's why we're teaching fundamentals like jobs to be done. Nothing in an update is gonna allow someone to get a letter. Well, as a quick side note. Alex and I just spoke about this on Saturday, Palo Alto, didn't we? Because he shared like detailed
George H: pipeline information about customers he was talking to, and that ended up getting linked to a competitor potentially. So you have to be careful.
Alex Poe: Yeah.
George H: Explicit. That's a good example. So that's why I'm telling you to assume that. So for the ones I will explain that you might want a separate one for your internal investors, but for the ones that are going to mentors community members. Anybody that is following along your journey, just be mindful that it might end up in the hands of someone that you don't want it to. So just know what you're sharing. But also don't be too cagey. It's okay to share most things. Just that's a good example from Alex on, maybe what not to share.
George H: So shelly. I'll turn it over to you. And we have.
George H: Hey, Brent.
George H: we'll let you introduce yourself after Chelly.
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: Sure. Okay, sounds good. So I have 2 updates every month. One. And you guys can see it right? The investor update. Okay, cool.
George H: And it's not
George H: oh.
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: Can go bigger. Yes, totally.
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: Let's go. 1 50. Is that a little better?
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: Yeah.
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: okay, so I create 2 every month. One is my confidential version. That's for current investors and very key stakeholders. And then I have another version which I'm going to click, to, which is a very similar format. But I remove some information. So I. Everything right now is just on the Google drive for me. And I mark them
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: in a lot of detail. So I know which is which. I'll start with the investor updates. I have a disclaimer. It's on the bottom of the document which I put in the emails just to a little bit of protection
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: and things like that.
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: The word confidential is in my subject line at all times. But that's how I differentiate between the 2. My investor list is much smaller. It's current investors, the tech stars team and some key people that I allow in on the details. And my stakeholder version is now probably over a hundred people that are potential future investors. And you know other people that you meet along the way that are interested in being
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: being caught up on what you guys are up to.
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: So I break it down into a few different sections. There's a bit of an intro. I go into growth and traction.
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: I'll just start with the headers.
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: Opportunities.
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: challenges
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: team
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: product or product development
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: any fundraising that I'm doing and open questions. Those are my big buckets. The difference is, I take out me. Personally, I take out the challenges on the stakeholder updates, because that's where I go into a little bit more detail on our like customer acquisition costs and and just things that I don't want the general public to know about. So those are the major buckets that I cover, and then every month, as you can imagine, it's you know, the big updates that have happened over the month
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: goals that you set. You know, percentages or what you were able to achieve versus, not and I break it down into each section. I think it's important to just be as concise as you can be and stick to the point.
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: I try to keep it bulleted. Sometimes they get kind of long, but I think July was a big one. We had a lot going on, so I always start with some like Pr, our revenue numbers where we're landing, based on goals, email, open rates, churn
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: subscribers.
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: kind of big channels where we do well for us is home schooling
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: opportunity areas. So things that we're gonna accomplish or attempt to start in the next month. So this is stuff that we're doing now. Or we did in August. Opportunity areas.
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: I'll keep scrolling a little
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: challenges, as I mentioned, challenges are challenges be open and honest about those challenges, because your key investor list will have feedback, and they'll have opportunities, and the people that will read them will definitely reach out and will want to help you.
George H: Yeah, surely. Do you want to explain? And maybe, Brent, I'll I'll have you also explain and introduce yourself. Why do you share the challenges. A lot of people here or in past classes have come up here and said, You know, I don't feel like that's good. I just want to paint my business in a good light. I don't really want to share the bad things that are happening. Can you explain why that might be helpful and not paint you in a bad light.
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: Yeah, absolutely. I think, especially for the people on your on your team. You know your investors and your stakeholders that are
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: in the know at the end of the day they're on your team and they want to help you, and they've invested in you, and they're incentivized to help you out. So by being pretty transparent on what's going on in the business, you're only going to get good feedback and opportunity areas that come out of conversations you have where you're being fully transparent.
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: It's very easy to just show the fluffy, you know, fun side, and everything's going well. But you're not going to grow from that. And I I'm all for sending that to, you know, the bigger a bigger group and the more general public. But
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: the people on your team are there to help you, and they invested in you for a reason. So allow them in on. You know the deeper dive and ask for help.
George H: And shelly. I'm gonna come back to you in a second. Could you think of a specific situation where that might have been beneficial to you. And in the meantime, Brent, do you want to introduce yourself? We already had Alex introduce himself.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Yeah, absolutely sorry I was in the wrong Zoom Meeting for you guys. But Brent Hassey, CEO, co-founder of flat what we do. We're a middleware data pipeline for property data. And we're a b 2 b software company that goes and helps anyone in the real estate industry from Home Service company, mortgage
Brent Hasse - Flat: anything related to that be able to go and help them get data and then engage customers.
George H: Cool. And then, Brett, I know you have a specific example of sharing talent. I know you'll show it. But do you want to? Maybe just overview.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Yeah, I mean the big thing, and I'll get into it. Here is building trust.
Brent Hasse - Flat: A lot of your investors are either fellow entrepreneurs, successful, unsuccessful, whatever it is, they know that. So a lot of it is just not bullshitting where, you know I know these issues. How trustworthy is is this person gonna be. And then when I need them for something, or I'm telling them, Hey, this is not working.
Brent Hasse - Flat: They know I'm not trying to bs them. They know that what I'm I'm being fully transparent. And it's really just all about building that rapport and you have a very specific case here of how we lost 7 and a half percent of our tech stars investment in a day. So.
George H: That was great, Brett, and we'll see it in your update in a second. Shelley has a time limit, so we're having her show all pictures. But, Alex, do you have a specific situation where it might have been helpful to be more vulnerable in your updates?
George H: I know you just said over sharing is is bad. But what about sharing in general your challenges.
Alex Poe: Yeah, so basically, the way that we do ours is we have a monthly investor update that we send out to both current investors, but a lot of prospects as well. So I've got about 200 investors in that update. I do not share the challenges necessarily in that one. But then I do have kind of like a
Alex Poe: with the most closest investors. And I I mean not the most. It's like, I think.
Alex Poe: except for one or 2 like I, I continuously ask them for different kinds of
Alex Poe: things regarding the challenges. So everyone's aware on that front. I just, you know, I try to market the startup when I'm positioning it for prospects. So I pay a bit more attention on that. But yeah, I've had, you know, success with most of the angels who wanted to help out
Alex Poe: in various kinds, whether it be product, feedback or introduction to customers. But I do it on a very, you know, like I text them directly. Is that a more scalable way? And I should definitely do like another separate update for the existing investors in which I, you know, do like Shelly does. I add.
Alex Poe: I basically can do a big one and then just cut the parts of it when I'm doing it to prospects as well.
George H: Yeah. And if if tech source is your only investor, you do not need to be doing this like separate investor thing just for us like we're here in Texas with you. We know your challenges. You'll tell us every week. You don't have to send a special update email. This is much more for down the road, or maybe for people here who have a a cap table full to keep up to date. But what I'm hearing from Brent and Alex and Shelley. I'm interested in your perspective is really like sharing challenges allows people to help you.
George H: So a lot of people make their Updates all sunshine and rainbows. Putting in the things that you're actually working on is very helpful. It's kind of the whole point of the update is you're making people aware of what you're working on, where your challenges are. Maybe they can introduce you to someone or give you some advice if I can say one thing. I, I and you all correct me if I'm off with this.
George H: But I also feel like these updates are just a helpful exercise for you
George H: in an introspective sense. So it's not only to cast out. It's for you as a founder each week, and during this program, and then each month
George H: go there after, like actually assessing how things are going. So it's almost something that you could even share with your team members to to get a lay of the land, right? So I think there's value there. But I don't know if you all feel that way. So I don't want to speak on behalf of you 3. Yeah, shelly. I'd love to hear your perspective on that, and also any sort of situation where people were able to help you through your updates.
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: Yeah, for sure. On Neil's point. It's definitely helpful. It's sometimes a little painful to actually write it every month. Cause it's hard to be introspective sometimes, but it is really helpful, and it it really helps
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: for me to look back on previous months as well and see what was accomplished and what was not in each specific month.
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: So it's definitely a very helpful exercise. It's good documentation. In terms of challenges. I definitely agree. I even just this year, I,
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: you know, was hitting some roadblocks earlier in the year, and by being really open and honest about the challenges, and we were just having, like huge customer acquisition costs that were not helping us. And I had many people reach out on our cap table, and just like our kind of key stakeholders about helping brainstorm and helping think through what we could be doing or or alternate opportunity areas. And that's really just there's so much value in that.
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: I would say alternatively to challenges when you have questions like, put it in your update. Ever like everyone wants to help. There really is, you know, a lot of big opportunity here, because if there is a very clear question that you're looking for help on, people will respond, and they'll introduce you to other folks, or, you know, just help you figure out whatever that challenge is that you're seeing.
George H: Shelley. Is there like an example that comes to mind of a way you got help that surprised you? Or was, you know, distinguished.
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: Yeah. So we were struggling earlier this month with customer acquisition, and just like spending through a lot of our marketing costs way too fast and actually an from bird. Originally, reached out after the email. We set up time, and she introduced me to a couple of people just to learn a little bit more about like other avenues of marketing. And I ended up talking to some really great brands, and what they did
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: in the early stages, and I mean that was super helpful.
George H: So it sounds like that's a good example of also including your fellow founders on your updates as well, because you all can help each other out if you see each other's updates, do you know what? So Shelley had? A founder from 2021 on her update list, because that founder is the one who did this session when Shelley was in your seat right here.
George H: So that's super. So add these 3 to your updates. But I remember and said like, Oh, I want to read all of your updates. And Shelley followed through. And now what is that? 2 years later, 3 years 2 years later.
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: Yeah. And she also ended up like consulting with us and helping us through that whole transition. So definitely was worth it.
George H: That's super cool. Alright. So like, did you want to show us anything else from your updates before we transition.
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: No, I'll just do a quick scan through the other version. Essentially. So. This is my like non confidential version that
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: can be forwarded if people want to. So it's very similar. I still talk through all of our growth. I put some numbers in there. I take out anything that I just don't feel comfortable if it were to be forwarded. But majority of the update is the same. Opportunity areas is the same. Sorry I'm scrolling kind of fast.
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: and then I remove challenges similar to what Alex had said as well, and I ensure that the open questions, if I have any. I didn't have many that month. Is very detailed, because this list can grow to be a lot of people, especially when you're, you know, after you guys go through mentor madness, you'll have a lot of people on the update list.
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: So put in questions, even if they're, you know, they feel small and not super significant. There's so many people willing to help. So I would just say, like, Ensure you have that section at the end.
George H: Perfect. Does anyone have any questions? Yeah, hey? So thank you for taking talking to us, can you guys hear? Okay, good. It's yeah, so I I just want to ask if you know, our team also has a monthly newsletter, and when we are
George H: at the point of writing it at the end of the month we we often find it very difficult to go back. And you know, introspect just like you've mentioned. Is there something that you're doing during the month while things are happening to keep track, so that when it comes to the end of the month you have an easier time reflecting all of the things that happen at the end.
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: Good question. Yes, and no for some. Some things are documented throughout the month. So like Pr and press, things are documented separately. So that's like an easy one to refer back to. I sell through shopify. So I can go through our analytics on shopify very easily and pull data
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: and other than that, to be honest, it's not the best method. But I go back through my calendar and I look at key meetings that I had and who I spoke to, and and I just try to synthesize everything. But there's probably a better way to do it throughout the month, but I usually just do it at the one time.
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: Thanks.
Lilliana Robinson: Alex, did you want.
Alex Poe: I can add up to that. So the way I do it is once things happen. I just have like a draft that I constantly write on to that will become the investor update at the end of the month. So if I, for instance, close an investor, or
Alex Poe: I just put that in the draft, as it happens, so that at the end of the month, when I start writing the update, you know some of the highlights already there cause. I also struggled with this like remembering what happened. So that's at least my
Alex Poe: way to do it.
George H: A lot of people do that?
George H: The answer questions, okay.
George H: yeah. I miss that in some of the bullet points you not only reflect on what's been happening, but you also set an expectation, for example, like seeking an additional 500 K. Yesa.
George H: and I was wondering if cause like it. I think it serves the purpose of fitting in the gaps when you don't have like updates and fundraising, because, like, I think that's something that will happen not every month you have updates in there is this something like mixing
George H: pass things with expectation. Is this something that you do on purpose or how would you advise us? That and feel free? Anyone can answer. But we'll start with Shelley.
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: Yeah, I mean, I think, similarly, to kind of sharing your challenges and just being transparent. I think it's important to set expectations.
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: And you know, kind of set
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: like level. Set a bit on where you think things are going. So I ensure to put down that I'm seeking seeking fundraising because any of my current investors they could potentially introduce me to someone in their network. And if that wasn't in there they're not gonna send. They're not gonna forward it because or they're not gonna request that info. If it's confidential, they're not gonna forward it
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: but I think it's important that don't let them guess what you're up to. Give them the context so that they can make a call on. You know what intro they want to make, or you know what they want to respond.
George H: Did anyone else want to speak to Fabio's question.
George H: Brent or Alex?
George H: Okay, cool. Okay, Shelley. This was great. Feel free to stay on and keep answering questions. I think we'll do rent. You want to share some updates, and then Alex feel free to some that you'd like to share.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Alright!
George H: Brent has. Brent has done this? Probably the most times out of any founders.
Brent Hasse - Flat: But it.
George H: There you go!
Brent Hasse - Flat: We're repurposing some. Some decks here. But yeah, once you make a good
Brent Hasse - Flat: a good pipeline here, and then you're able to use it. So yeah, quick. Update on flat. I already explained that to you, want to start with some something that subject line. This is something that lately on actually full credit to her.
Brent Hasse - Flat: You could see these are my tech stars. Updates and responses are okay on them. Just kind of flat week. One week 6 but what it allowed me to do, and even kind of going back to that question you guys were talking about of. It's therapeutic to go through. You know your investor updates. What I was able to do is really think about your own week to week, like all right, what was the theme for this week? Or was there a quote that resonates? Or is there something here that really helped me get through the week.
Brent Hasse - Flat: and they start going through this, and it is, you know you'll it's funny. When I was doing this, I'm like, oh, I was expecting to see a lot higher open rates or responses, and you see some, but somewhere a little bit lower. But I could tell you the content in these were a lot better, and it really allowed you to go through that. So just having a classic kind of ugly title, you can. But if you really want people to engage and go through that. That's the 1st thing you're going through. It's like kind of the marketing
Brent Hasse - Flat: one on one side of trying to get people to click through. So I'd say, get creative with your titles here. I'll get into this one here, like, you know.
Brent Hasse - Flat: 3 babies and a man like just like we. What the hell is this about? So being able to go through? And people actually kind of come through that. So this was my.
George H: Can you? Can you go back for a sec?
Brent Hasse - Flat: Yeah.
George H: I'm so glad that you brought this up. This is one of my favorite things to say. I'll actually respond to many of you and say, like, you need to change your title because many of you and some people still post program, I get their updates. And it's just like January update blank company. And nobody's gonna read that because we all get like 50 to 100 every week of people's monthly updates. And it is a lot. And we don't always.
George H: We're not always enticed to into them. Right? Help us help you help us! Want to be engaged and be excited about your company. There's a cool update, or something interesting, like the theme of the week, or like we got our 1st customer with like a confetti Emoji, whatever it is like people see so many of these. So even though for you, it's easy to just write like
George H: week 3 texters update. Well, we're reading 12 others or 11 others. Right? So you want to put actual headlines. And, like Brent said, it actually helps craft the whole like body of the message. When you think about it deep.
George H: so don't be robotic about it. I forgot to say that, Brett. That's a great point.
Brent Hasse - Flat: You'll see. Maybe I've reverted back to some of that from my other investor updates. But you'll see here. So this is week one. This is my tech stars update just screenshot of it from week one just how I lay it out I use. I I think it was the same as Shelley, just Google, Doc and I go through and just copy, duplicate, and kind of make my next one. The weekly shout outs
Brent Hasse - Flat: kind of beat a dead horse here. It's amazing how proud some of these people are to be on here, even though they're very successful, they still get something out of being named by helping you. And then Kpi, shift over time. You'll see. In my most recent updates you'll see kind of the iteration of it of. I've got my kpis here. Got good news, bad news.
Brent Hasse - Flat: and then, really, the what we learned section was that therapeutic part of like, all right. What do we actually learn this week? What are we going through here? This is that the big part here that I really wanted to include? And then the last part of how can I help? So this is how I initially had it set up. I'll get into how I've changed it a little bit. But this is like a fairly standard format.
Brent Hasse - Flat: like, I said, I don't use any of the softwares except Google, and it's really easy to do so. And then the quick at the end is in case you you don't read any of this. Here's a recap. But guess what no one's going to read a recap at the end, because they're not going to scroll through it, anyway. So I've learned some stuff over the time here.
George H: Brent, let me ask you, who did you send your week? One update to? And actually, Alex and Shelley, I'm interested as well, because a lot of these founders are going to be sending their 1st one this week. Who did they send it?
George H: They open up a blank email.
George H: Who should they send it out to in week. One of tech starts before they've met mentors and stuff.
Brent Hasse - Flat: So my it'd be my current investor base, obviously but then I also included my family throughout techstars. I included, like my family like Mom, dad, brother, sister, a couple of my friends who are in the business world. Just so. They have an idea of really what I was going through. And then really, all the people I met through techstars. That were given the presentations this week. I asked if they wanted to be on it, and if they did.
Brent Hasse - Flat: I'd add them to it. So a mix there of of a little bit of everything.
George H: What about you guys, Alex and Kelly? Any advice for how to get get started?
Alex Poe: I I don't have any other category extra to add on top of what Brent said. So you know any any mentor professional that you got in touch with, or any fellow founders even from the cohort. That you know you. You 1st ask, and they okay with it. But yeah, the investor database and right after mentor madness, you know. That's gonna be
Alex Poe: a lot of more names to your to your list.
George H: Then, Shelley, when did you start splitting yours into 2?
George H: Probably not during tech starts right.
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: No, it definitely came later. I think it was
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: maybe in 2023. I don't remember. I can check. But prior to tech stars. I had a few people on the cap table, mostly family and friends, and some stakeholders that I sent it to mentors as well. There was a few people that helped get me into tech stars. So like wrote a little referral note, or or any of that kind of stuff. So add all those people on anyone that's, you know.
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: just wanting to see you do well, and could be good for like just gauging how it looks, what it's written. How like, how quickly they got through it! It's just good to get the feedback, even if it's like family and friends.
George H: If I can just throw one thought out there, based on what I'm seeing here from Brent. The mentions of people to acknowledge their support or help goes such a long way, and it's such a low lift on your end, and I promise you they notice it when you include them, and they really notice it when you don't.
George H: So if you forget to add someone, we've had times where mentors will come to us and go. They acknowledge these people, but they didn't. They left me out, and I thought I helped them out this week, and you know, stuff like that. So they have like feelings.
George H: you know, they're sensitive. So so just be mindful like, it doesn't cost you much to throw out the shout outs and appreciate them, and then it it like goes a long way. But I don't know if you all feel that way, you 3, but because it's give first.st So, like all they're really doing it for is like gratitude. That's it, that's all they get back. It's like the altruism. So get that right. And also, even though it's kind of hard to see here, because, like.
George H: you guys are on a big screen, our host. But you guys can watch back the recording like, read the actual lines that you're sharing.
Brent Hasse - Flat: And.
George H: Yes.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Sorry to Neil's point. There, yeah, these are the ones like really helped us. But I did send personal emails to people like, if you really didn't help me, I'll show you it's again. It's so quick, just hey? I appreciate it, thank you, or the follow up of Hey, I I got an intro from you. And then just that simple follow up of saying, Hey, I had the meeting met with Shelley. It was. It was amazing. Thank you again for the intro. That person, then, is gonna help you 10 x. And it's it's unbelievable. Even. I'm finding myself
Brent Hasse - Flat: making an introduction, and then, having no idea if that person ever met with them, or really what happened? Versus people who follow up with me and say, Hey, thank you for that. A lot of founders that I I you know, in my network. Everyone tries to do it. It's really hard to. But you just got to make a conscious effort to do that, and it goes a long way.
Brent Hasse - Flat: so this here is the the bad news slide. So this is a cut out from actually one of my investor updates throughout techsars.
Brent Hasse - Flat: And we lost, you know, $1,500 which you know, of 20 K from Texar. It's a big chunk of change there. We were trying to experiment with doing repairs and homes and sending handy men to the home to do a repair, and it was a like, for like door repair, and we quickly realized it was
Brent Hasse - Flat: pretty much a scam where someone calls you in to do something. They know exactly. You're not going to be able to get it done. So then they try to get you to pay for the door. It's just it was a whole thing of trying to go through this, whether it was a scam or not. But
Brent Hasse - Flat: the amount of feedback I got from this of saying very open honestly, hey, here's the issue. Here's the mistake I made as to what I what I thought was going to work.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Here's why it didn't work. And here's how it's never going to happen again. And if it happens again, then that's on me. And that's a separate situation here. But this is that being vulnerable to be able to say, Hey, I made a mistake.
Brent Hasse - Flat: but showing your thought process as to why I made this mistake, and how I'm not going to do it again is is a huge aspect to just saying I made a mistake. But you gotta show how I'm not going to do it again is really the big takeaway from from sharing this in an update. And this is only this is only to my investors. So I'll get into shelly, too. I have a non investor update would never put something like this in there. This is just for the investors. People have already given me their money. And and really going through it.
Brent Hasse - Flat: I say, like, be personable, be you. This was like my 3, you know, 3 men and their babies. I think it's a nineties and eighties movie. And I had all 3 of my kids for the 1st time in a weekend. And so it's just like throwing in some of the personal stuff
Brent Hasse - Flat: also understand? Like as a dad, we're judged differently than a mom of a mom saying, Oh, I have all 3 kids. And like it's it's viewed differently, so fully aware of that from my side. But it's just explaining a little bit of my life. You see here, it's what 3 sentences, and then I'm into flat. So it's giving them a little glimpse into what I'm going through in my life.
Brent Hasse - Flat: A little tongue in cheek. Kind of having fun, which is more, my personality showing out. And then we're able to go through of some really exciting things here of stuff that's happening in the business. So try to get creative.
Brent Hasse - Flat: I I'd say I'm 1 of the least creative people out there. And it's just taking some time to think about it. And again, just if it's you, it's being authentic to who you are. You can't be judged for it, because it's who you are. So just try to have some of your personality come through in these updates as well. It's it's easy to just get robotic with it.
George H: Brent. Can you pause here for a second? So Brent seen me do this. Enough that he keeps highlighting the everything that I find really important. But let's double click on what he's saying about the personal news. So being personable and like being a person behind the business is really important. So like, share a little bit about what you're going through, or where you where you've just traveled, or what's going on with tech stars. Or you just learned this, or had this fun social event in Tahoe that we're about to do. But
George H: there's a limit, right? So the reason that Bren said, like, here's a few sentences about my life. Then I get into flat is because there's also like the other side we're sharing so much. We had this one founder that shared like multiple paragraphs about her vacation. And it makes sense like she wants to like, tell people about her life and like, let them in. But it was like too much. It's like this, isn't your personal blog right? You want to share
George H: a little bit like this helps people get to know Brent. Oh, he's like funny! And here's all his family, and all of those things, and all those things lead into
George H: how people feel about him as a CEO, but
George H: you know they're just back. So just a quick check, Shelley, are you about to drop?
George H: Bye.
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: I got a couple minutes.
George H: Okay. I was gonna ask one quick extra question. I want to ask Alex and Brent after you leave. But what's 1 thing you wish you knew in tech stars
George H: that that this room can hear from you just like a piece of advice.
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: it's there's a it's gonna be a lot. So I think, just like
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: set expectations for yourself, because there's a lot that's being requested of you. And there's a lot of people you're going to talk to and
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: it's overwhelming. So I would say, just like really set expectations and set some, even some personal goals like personal work goals that can help you achieve it all because it is a lot and I remember getting to the weekly update. And just being like, How did a week go by? I don't know what to say.
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: So it's it is a lot. So just allocate your time effectively. And i i i mean, I feel like if I went back I would crush it, because now you know exactly what to expect. But it. It's a bit of a challenge while you go through it. It's it's amazing, and it's challenging, and it'll test your limits. So
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: do whatever you can to
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: make sure that you're you know you're ready for it.
George H: Thank you, Shelby. That's very good.
George H: Thank you for your time, Chili. It was great to see you feel free to drop.
Shelley Gupta - BāKIT Box: Yes, you too. Thank you. Guys.
George H: And
George H: okay, Brett.
George H: that's you.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Right? So this is actually one of my most recent investor updates.
Brent Hasse - Flat: So I do. Quarterly monthly. To me. It was I started doing monthly. It was almost too much. And as we're consistently iterating and changing.
Brent Hasse - Flat: I'm in conversations with majority of my investors, regardless throughout that time. So to me what worked for me was quarterly, and that kind of changed change. So again, do whatever's best for you and your business. Some people do a biannual. I had a cohort a techsar's cohort member of mine.
Brent Hasse - Flat: who was almost, I think, was doing weekly almost for another 3 months, 4 months, and he did it for therapeutic reasons where like, it just helped them download and everything. So this is mine. It's a little bit longer.
Brent Hasse - Flat: but you'll see here that it's my areas have kind of flipped around a little bit. And this is based off feedback from my investors. Because I asked them, what do they think, how would they rather view it? Big ask in the front, even though they gave you money? There's times where people don't even look past that 1st one there. So you see, up here, turning is learning kind of tie. That back here I was. I was reading a book about
Brent Hasse - Flat: leadership, and how this horse wrangler, Guy in Montana super interesting book. And he's saying, if you're if you're not turning
Brent Hasse - Flat: you're not learning so like you've got to always be turning and iterating and going through. So that was my
Brent Hasse - Flat: overview, my thesis for for this quarter, and went into my high level updates. So my goal here is they could read a couple of paragraphs and have a good sense of what I'm do, what I did and what I'm going to be doing if they want to dive in further, they can. You'll see here. My kpis have changed its number of homeowners on the platform my Q. 4. Getting a little forecast of onboarding users. With some high level updates for
Brent Hasse - Flat: for pipeline. And if I should be.
George H: Room.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Say it again.
George H: Hey? Just quick question. So I I've I've been doing this as well, and getting really great open rates around 60 or whatever. But I just want to get your both of your thoughts about where or do you guys lie between adding imagery or not adding imagery, adding, because I've got a very colorful
George H: business, but I've heard advisors say, don't put any imagery. Just go focus on
George H: just the words. So have you guys tested that? Or what do you guys think between adding adding images and not adding images to your update? I also think the whole goal of that day isn't just to maximize for opening. So like, there's also that question, it's it's giving me 60. But like, how meaningful are the responses to right?
George H: Go ahead.
Brent Hasse - Flat: I I don't think there's a clear answer. I mean, it's about your business. I included here the screenshots, because these are, you know we added a new home score. So I wanted to see that this this integration we did 1st me typing out, hey? It's you know. It tells you your age, life, equipment, a score is able to actually see, and it's way easier. So I think it depends. There's some times where I have 0 images.
Brent Hasse - Flat: so I I'd say, it really just depends on the update as long as it's meaningful. And it's not just trying to fill space.
George H: What about you, Alex?
Alex Poe: In every update I always put one image, and it's usually an image of us, as in the founders doing something and that's kind of like the fun part of it. Typically, sometimes it's if if we're asking for feedback on a feature, I'm gonna like, put a screenshot instead of that. But, like all I I put one in an image in all of my updates.
Alex Poe: and I'm going to show you when I share a screen with mine.
Brent Hasse - Flat: I'd say the the other piece here is, you see, a lot of links trying to make their life easy. If you're asked if I'm asking for an introduction. Maybe if I have an introduction I want here. This is a bad example, because it's too general. But let's say I want to meet someone at I don't know guaranteed rate, I would have a link to the guaranteed rate, Linkedin Page, so so that it's easy for someone to see if they have it. You want to make their life easier. And then these are all just our articles that were posted about us. And then, I was told, put financials last to me. I thought financial should be 1st
Brent Hasse - Flat: my investors. I was like, I'll throw them at the end just so I could have an idea of where you're at. So you're seeing of again. They want to see that track. And right we're starting to flying out here should be profitable. Here in Q. 4. We're still looking that way. Which a wise, a wise man and and woman who's sitting in that room told me that if you could control your own destiny, it's it's the best way to be. And I could tell you it's it's a lot a lot less stressful. So keep listening. But yeah, this is how I have mine set up
Brent Hasse - Flat: and investor update. And then I have a list here of non investors. So I call like a network update which
Brent Hasse - Flat: I think my list is close to 500 people. These are any people I've ever taken a meeting with ever talked to. Hubspot, I'm sure, as an integration to do this I'm horrible at it, like at the end of each quarter. I'll just throw on my air pods and kind of go through my meeting list and and update my contact list. But it's able to go through.
George H: Yeah, sorry. I just want to clarify like your approach. You just say you'll throw on the air pods and you just jam out and go through all the people you met with, and you add them to your list.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Yeah, it's it's not very
Brent Hasse - Flat: I don't know. It's not efficient. But I've got to get the plugin for Hubspot basically is where I'm at here.
George H: And, Brett, you're joining us for a separate thing about your like investor journey, right? Cause you kind of just gave a little snippet there, and we're just gonna move on. But I like to really.
Brent Hasse - Flat: So so this, these are the people. This is all. This is sunshine, rainbows all. My! If I miss out on flat, I'm an idiot. This is only good stuff. And you'll see here these are, you know, I do twice a year updates, I mean 72 responses and 91 responses. I'm still getting some so like crazy engagement if we're talking through that. But it's all positive, and it's all storytelling, too. And and I said before, I don't think I'm very good at
Brent Hasse - Flat: marketing or anything like that, but what I will say is storytelling. It's a skill set that I've greatly improved on, and that's where I recommend for your updates.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Think about put yourself in their shoes of if I'm an investor or someone you met with previously. The last touch point I had with you was this update. So read your previous update. And then, if you're writing a story like you need to tie up these loose ends. If you were testing something, explain how that test went. If something was coming through, did it go through? If it wasn't all right? What did I learn? So it's all a story of your journey through these updates. Be another thing that I'd I'd recommend.
George H: That was great, Brent. If you want, we can share your email out. I saw that you had that on the on the deck. We can share that at the end. Okay, Alex, we'd love to see yours, and then we'll take questions for both of you.
Alex Poe: Cool. Yeah. Let me just share my screen. One. Sec.
George H: While he's while he's sharing it. Just to give you some context.
George H: Alex has probably been one of the like most persistent founders in the Bay Area. So far for us, as far as being at all the events, meeting all the investors. Networking is but off, and then also giving 1st all the founders, too. So Alex is like one of the main guys out here that you want to know me connected to, in my opinion, and it's really cool because Brett was on your workshop. Right, Alex.
Alex Poe: Exactly. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Alex Poe: It's a circle.
Alex Poe: So can you see my screen?
George H: Yeah, yeah, we can.
Alex Poe: Alright. So there's actually something that I remember that I took from bread one year ago, and that was.
Alex Poe: I, I think. Did you say this with the we just said this with the ass at the beginning. So like, this is how I start, my investor updates. Basically before I talk about this dev investment product. I just put the ass because I and I think it was from you. Like.
Alex Poe: sometimes the investor has. The investors are just gonna read the 1st part. So you know, I can like.
Alex Poe: ask them right from the get, go something. And and if they want to help they can if they they don't. It's fine but like, I'm actually gonna so I saved a couple of updates because I want to show you different things that kind of like worked and didn't work. So this is my latest one. It's I do monthly updates. This is the 1st time when I'm actually matching
Alex Poe: 2 months into one. So I do. The title, which always is the company. This is basically the, you know.
Alex Poe: catchy that. No, I mean, it's not. This one is not necessarily catchy. But, for instance, Liliana was saying, so this is yeah. You're announcing the big highlight in the subject line, and then always put I put like the month of it. So.
George H: Alex, can you go back to? Yeah, right there. What? You didn't say this in breadth. So you guys might not be able to see in the back of the room. But that 1st line where his cursor is. That is a 1 line. It is very important. A lot. Send out their updates. I'm sure most of you send it out. And you don't remind people what your company is. You guys spend everything
George H: in your company. You're like, how would you not know what Collab is? I work on it every day. They don't remember these right? So you want to remind them Chamber, and it's it's not their fault they care about you. They're just a lot right. Chamber is a tech service back. AI B, 2 B sas, that helps sales teams close, more deals through game based simulations. That's it. That's all they need to know. Texters back. Okay, they're doing AI, their B Twob Sas. Oh, I remember, they're doing that game thing for sales.
George H: Okay, let me ask, like, so important to remind people
George H: cool, you're back.
Brent Hasse - Flat: And and I forgot to point that out in in mind as well. My like real investor update. I don't think I do that, but for my network update I absolutely do. And you know, point I I stole that from someone else that gave that to us. So it's just the
Brent Hasse - Flat: give first.st
Alex Poe: Yes, yeah. So I usually have like 3 points. So one is the business, and I usually start with that sales. Then if we're raising. I also include the investment part, and then it's product. I try to keep it. This is like.
Alex Poe: I've got to a point where now I give them very, very brief, and I'll show you when I used to give them more. But in business, basically just showing some metrics, you know, the the most the ones that you keep track of the better. You're gonna have that in textiles as well. You're gonna work and keep track of the metrics.
Alex Poe: And then, yeah, some highlights on the investment. If I get a new angel, I actually. And I always ask the person, Hey, are you okay with me sharing your name with the broader community, and then, if I share the name, this is a link to her, Linkedin as well, so it adds credibility. And it's you never know who's gonna see this. And of course, this is basically the the person that introduced us. So I give a quick shout out there? As well.
Alex Poe: and then just trying it. To put it as briefly as possible. I we should also, I think, add maybe an image or 2 on the product when it's so short. But this is the part of the image that I told you about.
Alex Poe: Always all the updates. At some point they have an image that is relevant one way or another. I found that when we put one with ourselves that's the best one. Then here I have a line very brief, small, about yeah, what's the content of the image?
Alex Poe: But let me. Just so. There were a couple. So this is now, this is the latest. This is one year ago, more than one year ago. So it was way longer. And this is actually I was asking for feedback on the new branding.
Alex Poe: We ended up changing it, but, like
Alex Poe: personally, I was writing way too much here, if it's not so, I mean, I was just saying about how we made that decision. And it's just it's too much. It's not a blog post, and you know it. We got answers from this, but I. I started shorting it.
Alex Poe: but, as you see, in terms of consistence, even then I was like business development, product development. And this was kind of like the update. And then the picture was in between. But here's a trick. Oh, yeah. So a trick during the investor update. So this was also mentioned before.
Alex Poe: If you have a specific target like a number of companies, or you can like, ask for intros and give them the Linkedin search. So this. Basically, if you click, this is like a very curated list of like, 20 or 30 companies and people working at this companies. And you're asking them for a warm intro, and they can just click and see
Alex Poe: if they're connected to those people. So I got really good feedback. When I started doing this, it takes a bit of time,
Alex Poe: and but but and you, Neil, mentioned that a bit, so it can be a bit tricky when you especially, because this is an email that I sent to prospective investors. So it's like 200 people and it can backfire. But like, yeah.
Alex Poe: let's see. So this is what I used to do, and this is like February. So I would like, give on fee. Yeah, too much visibility over deals like, hey? We had a demo with this company with this companies. We had another demo, and then we're advancing. So this is too much. I would send this to like
Alex Poe: the current investors, but not the prospect ones. And then again the picture is there. The shout outs we even at some point gamified the shout outs in the sense like, whoever was like, I think, in this case.
Alex Poe: Well, it was like an intro count. And yeah, we were just dealing. How do you call them like crowns to to those who make more intros? And it was actually we had Naji from the previous team. He was like, I wanna get the crown this week. So it worked but again, trying to do as a brief as possible. And what I'm doing. Sometimes I'm using the update to follow up. So, for instance, this is a guy that I'm trying to follow up. So I'm gonna hey.
Alex Poe: how are you doing? Write the follow up and then please find below our February investor update. And this is like a, you know, good excuse to do the follow up and add more context to what? What you're building? Happy to answer questions. Because I think, yeah.
Alex Poe: this was, I mean, go ahead, go ahead.
George H: You mean people who you're in talks with to get commitments. So.
Alex Poe: Yeah, I heard.
George H: You know, I also say, here's our monthly update, by the way. And then he said, do you have any questions on the commitment? So.
Alex Poe: Yeah.
George H: You guys.
Alex Poe: Yeah, that's.
George H: Re-engaged.
George H: cool.
Alex Poe: Exactly. Yeah.
George H: That was perfect. I'm so glad you hit on a couple of points that we had missed and I love your pictures like I I'm curious if you named your company after the Harry Potter book, but
Alex Poe: It's funny. But
Alex Poe: no, no, it's just a good coincidence to have. But this was basically a Harry Potter door themed. And
Alex Poe: this is not good. So yeah, it was kind of like a a quiz like, if you can spot the correlation between the brand. And it was just a yeah, you know. Show some personality, you know. Do a smile. It's not all, not all work and you know. No play, especially if you're in games, but not not even if you're not engaged. So yeah.
George H: I love founders having fun together, too. So everyone loves to see that.
George H: Do you have any questions for Brent or Alex?
George H: Yeah, or.
George H: well, hey, guys,
George H: do you have any experience? Or have we ever experimented with video updates rather than written text ones? Because we've been thinking about doing a video on ourselves, since you know, with our tech stars. And now that's a big thing we performed our usual thing like, are the can you give us some clips on. You know how to make that
George H: in comparison to a written one or
George H: any experience you'd like to share with them.
George H: I would definitely suggest doing both. It's texture is once written
George H: and doing video
George H: logs for yourself. I think it's a super cool idea, but you will have to do written. But I'm curious what Alex and Bren think
George H: so.
Alex Poe: Go ahead, Brent!
Brent Hasse - Flat: No, go ahead, Alex, go ahead
Brent Hasse - Flat: like I.
Alex Poe: I do not have experience with videos. I just
Alex Poe: think, like, if you have an investor. So let's say you send them already like 3 monthly updates, and you're about to meet. I like to always say, Hey, you can like, read all our updates if you want some key metrics that to show progress, whereas if you send just the video, it might be harder to like search for that information, whereas if you have them written, it's easier to find. That's my only like
Alex Poe: great, you know. 1st thought, I think it's worth ex experimenting with, though.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Yeah, experiment with it. But yeah, definitely, you, you want something to go back to. So definitely need something with that, but could be a great way to to get through your personality, and and I don't know if if it's revolving around your product, too, if like, if your product is part of that. Not not a bad thing, maybe. Incorporate as part of your update.
Alex Poe: Like in in conjunction, so do ideally both.
George H: It should be more of a supplementary thing rather than the main thing that we're sending monthly. I think it would be cool. They're saying you can embed it in your written where there's a video at the at the top of it, or something that could make it very unique, which is cool. I haven't seen that.
George H: Hi!
George H: I just want to back up and double tap on the links that were in Alex's message, the Linkedin magic links. I'm gonna post a tutorial on how to do that later. But those are really powerful. It's a way to filter through Linkedin and set search criteria. So anyone who clicks on that can see if they're connected or not. It makes it a 2 second
George H: process to see if someone can make an intro for you really low lift really great way to sort of get clicks and discover new intro pathways that you couldn't work. So I'll post a tutorial on that in base camp after this talk. But Alex, thanks for flagging that
George H: Brad is. Gonna explain it. Brad is the one that taught all of these
George H: other question.
George H: Yes, yeah. Speak up last year.
George H: So I'm going to
George H: y'all's thoughts on
George H: like switching up the sections like, Do you kind of stay consistent with what sections
George H: you are including like and where, or if you switch it on like what might be most important that month or
George H: kind of just like that.
Alex Poe: You mean the order of the sections, if we have, like a.
George H: In general like, are you adding different sections like, Oh, this this month I want to include any product or something. And the order.
Alex Poe: So at least in our case, I tried to kind of keep to that order, like, you know the ask, or basically, it's the one liner ask. And then this dev
Alex Poe: investment can be like last sometimes, or it cannot be. That's more like optional. But I I do like to have like business and product all the time there, just because that those are, you know, I like to like split the start up into like 2 different parts. And you know, sales and product. And
Alex Poe: it's a way of keeping accountable, the product team as well as the sales team. So I stick to those. But like, in terms of like changing order, like, when when we want to experiment, we're just gonna frame it like, Hey, we're running this experiment now, and like doing this, Linkedin, search that you can just tap and see what happens. So I frame the experiment. And I'm you know, almost inviting the investors to collaborate and give feedback on the experiment.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Yeah, I'd say some consistency where you can't just go all over the map. But if you're hitting on those general points, they said, our mind adjusted over time of where I I move things around. But as long as you're hitting on on all those main points, and really getting feedback from your investors as well. What they want to see in here is how I really crafted mine. So. But if you have something really important that month that you've never included absolutely. If it's if it's valid to what you're going through
Brent Hasse - Flat: and if there is, maybe pipeline, you know, for I'm trying to maybe a different example of something that you previously had updates on. And now it's kind. It's just not adequate. Maybe one little thing on it. But I won't say anything too crazy, though.
Alex Poe: So if I may add so a thing that we're doing sometimes. And it's been actually working well is like flash updates. So if I have, like I close the customer or I. When I we started closing the angels, I will like send like a 2 liner flash update. We just close an angel, and and it it can be a bit too much. So you really have to like base it well, but it does kind of like keep the momentum going. So I know, for instance.
Alex Poe: 2 founders that
Alex Poe: as they were raising they started from month to month, they went almost weekly, but that was because they were showing progress in like their growth. So it makes sense to do them weekly, and that helped them raise so that can also be a valid, at least tactic, if not
Alex Poe: strategy can be a bit slow.
George H: This now just activated a question I wanted to ask Brent Brent. You have a quarterly cadence for your updates. Was that different when you were actively fundraising? Or have you found that to still be effective even while you were trying to raise capital.
Brent Hasse - Flat: I was monthly when I was fundraising capital. Yeah, it's all those different iterations. And it could be.
Brent Hasse - Flat: you know, like Alex just said could be weekly, even if they're you're really showing this traction and driving that urgency. If you have that meaningful information, then then by all means do that. So I was monthly for probably a year, and they kind of went to quarterly from from that side, and if I were to go out and fundraise again, I probably would start picking back up that tempo, and instead of doing every 6 months for my non investors, I would go to quarterly or monthly.
Brent Hasse - Flat: and really show some of those traction signs.
George H: Makes sense.
George H: One question that many have had.
George H: Say, thanks to both of you for your time, and just a quick one in terms of how you set up the dashboard internally, particularly when you are fundraising, and you've got.
George H: and perhaps metrics that are moving around each week. How do you find the most efficient way to pull in just from a point perspective, there's quite a lot of numbers that are fluctuating each week. So
George H: yeah, what's the most efficient way that you found to to manage that.
George H: Yeah, let me let me answer for a second. So these guys both said, you both use Google docs, right? You don't use like a specific software.
George H: So we have a couple of that people use. I can try and pull them from the past what people share. But you can use certain software to make your updates. Paper Street is one of the most common ones.
George H: But there are also softwares that can pull the data. They can make you nice charts. That's what you're asking, right? Like pulling all the data. I'll pull a resource. Well, do you have any. Remember offhand what real factor uses. If you've ever been on one of the
George H: it's like it's something like Mix, Max, or something like that. It's not that I'll find it for you. But basically, it like integrates into all your different stuff like stripe. And they'll pull your financials and they'll pull all your stuff and make charts so like
George H: Brent and Alex do it, and shelly, too. They just do it bare bones. They'll spend their air pods chug away and gather it all. But there are also people that do it more automated. And it's completely up to you how you want to do it. If you want to invest in that automation, or if it's like meditative for you to sit down and pull it all together. And for some people it's like the only time that they really reflect on all their numbers and stuff. So making yourself do it manually is actually a feature. But I don't know if you guys wanted to answer. Also.
Brent Hasse - Flat: I mean, Google, yeah, Google sheets. I mean, anything like that quick like, there, there's easy ways. There's Apis and integrations for everything. I do forget what real crafter was using. But that did look look really nice. But again, for my investor updates.
Brent Hasse - Flat: I didn't really have any of the. It's pretty top line revenue numbers which are easy to grab.
Alex Poe: And I would also add, basically investors look for the story between the dots. So you know, and you're gonna set your kpis and like, have one or 2 kpis that you're gonna focus on, like, I think you know, the more you set out. Hey, we're gonna track this Kpi over X amount of time.
Alex Poe: Most of the investors, you know. If they're interested, they're gonna watch how you did with that Kpi. So it show it. It helps to like, at least for a while. Keep the Kpi. And if you take it out.
Alex Poe: say why or what happened, rather than we're gonna focus on Mrr, and like not say anything about Mrr in in the next update. That would be a bit weird. So that's you know, they look for consistency throughout the updates. Even if it's you know, it can be bad news. It can be like, Hey, we didn't set something for the last 2 months. But, like. Here's what we learn. And here's what, how we what we can do to improve that metric.
Alex Poe: so yeah, that's at least my my, take on like, which numbers to show.
George H: And yeah, so I really appreciate the the challenges. Discussion.
George H: I had a question about sharing challenges with prospective investors, because we have a few investors who are, I I think, seriously considering investing in us, and are following our progress pretty closely, and I want to make sure that I am transparent with them like so a a very specific example for us. One of our pipeline deals
George H: that we've talked about in the past update has been delayed. And so I want to communicate that with them. But I also don't want it to seem like, I'm writing them a specific email, you know, saying like, Oh, this is delayed making it seem like it's worse than it is.
George H: So I guess.
George H: in in the prospective investor. How do you frame challenges or share challenges different than with existing investors.
Brent Hasse - Flat: I would. I mean, it sounds like this person is further along which maybe is like a category in between of people like you're actively working with, and all the people that we had in that category, we would provide our old updates to them as well as part of our data room, which I'm sure they'll get into as well, so they could see all that kind of transparency as well.
Brent Hasse - Flat: and and be able to to go through that, but it's you know there's
Brent Hasse - Flat: there's no right answer for it. It's kind of whatever you feel comfortable with, and being able to go and also provide some good news with that as well. I don't know if I'd be sending an email just saying, Hey, so you know, we didn't close this deal like that's we don't. I don't know if we need that transparency like right away, still advising them of the of what happened. But maybe there's a different way we could prepare that.
Alex Poe: 100%. And and like, especially, I'm I'm assuming it's A, b 2 b or b 2 b, right.
George H: Yeah.
Alex Poe: So
Alex Poe: things like this happen all the time. You know, you're always gonna have delays of some sort. Sometimes, you know, someone gets fired, and you need to wait for the new role to be replaced. So yeah, like, like, Brent, said I, I wouldn't highlight just that. But like I would I would be transparent. It's it's not the fact that your deal got delayed is not a catastrophic thing. It happens all the time.
George H: Like the idea of like a 3rd category. So like the existing investors like were kind of in due diligence with investors. And that network. So that's really helpful.
George H: Any other questions.
George H: Okay, is there anything else either of you would like to share before we head out? I was gonna ask them like, Oh, yeah. Well, yeah, I want to ask you as the same thing. I have Shelley. So you have one like one thing you wish you knew during tech start with the group of founders, and this is their day. One.
Alex Poe: How long are they together? Is it just one week, and then there's the midweek, and then the final week.
George H: That's correct. But a lot of people are relocating to Sf, so they'll be kind of also in person during.
Alex Poe: Alright. One thing that I wish I knew was just realizing that basically, you know, in this 3 months you're only gonna have very short periods of time that you're actually gonna be together. So even though you know it, it's amazing like to be part of the program and to work on the business and work in the business, and and like on the business, though in
Alex Poe: I would just.
Alex Poe: I wish I would have spent more time with the founders, and, like, you know, going to eat together and just spending time together as much as possible while we were physically present. Because you will see after the program, chances are that you're either gonna have like a Whatsapp group or like, you're gonna spend time together, post as well. But it's
Alex Poe: likely not gonna be all of you at the same room at the same time. So yeah, I wish I knew that and understood that. Whereas, yeah, in our case, for instance, we had found their con right before, and then we started the program with one weekend. It was all just happening, and we were not realizing, you know what text us was, but
Alex Poe: the fact that you know that one week was spent together that that's that's not coming back. So yeah, that's I think one of the things that I'll do definitely.
George H: Sounds like what what I'm hearing Alex is like. You're encouraging this group to make the most of the time that they have together into.
Alex Poe: Exactly.
George H: Interacting and and spending quality time having meals and whatnot, right?
Alex Poe: Yeah, exactly as much as you can. I mean, the the team is already facilitating workshops and and meals together, but like as much as you can just spend that extra time together, because it's yeah. It's super valuable.
George H: Great.
Brent Hasse - Flat: From? Yeah, from the personal side like that, I would say, everyone like today. Someone in our cohort recommended this when we 1st got started like text, your significant other, your parents, your family, whoever may be and say like, Thank you for like allowing me to have this opportunity to like. Make sure they know how appreciative you are of them. Because this can be a lot of time on your front, and that's something that hit me, you know, pretty pretty hard in the beginning. There,
Brent Hasse - Flat: And just be vulnerable. I I say, there's a way that this tech service group that you're with is able to get it out of you. I'm I'm a a shell. I don't let anything out, but during all this you get to know each other. You start talking about more personal stuff, and that's the best way is admitting defeat. All of you are in this room because you're competitive. You're smart, and you're you're putting along the line to do what you want to do and what you're trying to figure out.
Brent Hasse - Flat: So it's it's hard to admit defeat. I will say, I guarantee you're gonna fail a lot. And it's you know, it's hard to admit it. So just understanding your business is gonna change thinking which you know, thinking that this one path, I I'm a failure. This path didn't work. There are so many different ways that you could go, and you can make this work. So it's easy to say me, looking back at myself, of all these failures, of really how we got to, where.
Brent Hasse - Flat: where we're at, and we wouldn't be where we're at without those failures. So try not to take it personal. I know you will, but just know that there's there's a light at the end of the tunnel, and just kind of keep keep pushing so enjoy it, and looking forward to hearing more about what you all are doing here.
Alex Poe: I have one more thing to add.
George H: You know.
Alex Poe: Right. So a thing that you know it took us a while, but now, looking backward, we should have done it way more easily, so
Alex Poe: like the textiles team has prepared a really cool like 3 month program, and they have all the activities in mind. But like don't don't shy away from like asking or like saying, Hey, we need help with this, and like going to Liliana or Neil, or like Chloe, and just saying, You know what you need in that specific moment. I like to
Alex Poe: look at accelerators, and especially takes a it's it's a buffet, you know. You need to make it your own, and like I wouldn't expect things to just fall fall from the sky because you're in tech stars and like things are just gonna happen to me. It's it's not the case. You really need to make it your own. And also everyone has their own way of like
Alex Poe: communicating the at the most efficient, and I found like when we did our extra step to like. For instance, Neil will tell you. I'm sure he did. He can find him on voxer, you know, it's it's just use voxer when you want to get to Neil and the rest of the team, or like share things on base camp. That's like a system that's set in place, and
Alex Poe: it it can take a moment or 2 to like, make that step. But it's worth it, because you you really want to optimize in time, and that's just, you know, every they will give you like. Here's the recipe of how to contact me, what to say, if you need an intro, he's like what I need for that intro, and just respect that and do the part of your work as well. And it's gonna be so much better at the end of the program. If you're gonna do this early on.
George H: Well, and I just wanna commend Alex. Actually. So I think I've made more introductions for Alex, and probably any founder.
Alex Poe: Thank you.
George H: It's so easy
George H: he's so persistent. So he'll message me about an intro, and if I take a while he'll just follow up really politely multiple times until it's time to hear back, and then when he hears back, I send the intro, and then a week goes by and he'll follow up and hey, whatever happened with that intro, and he'll check in on it, and it like it gets me going like it's really easy, and he's never judgmental or frustrated, if I take the time like, get back to him, but he gets it out of me, and, like a lot of other people right.
Alex Poe: Yeah, yeah, thank you.
George H: He's very clear about why he needs the intro in Intro, and he's never like wasting anyone's time. It's never just because, like he's really goal oriented when he asks for stuff, and that makes it really easy for us to feel good introducing him to other people. Yeah, so make it easy. Be polite, and that is for everything like other people will take a long time, too. This is something we'll get into with networking tomorrow with Brad.
George H: Don't take offense. It's okay. If you have to follow up to 3 times with people, people are busy, but they still want to help you, so help them help you. Right? I love. When people ask me like 3 times, it's like, Oh, I'm so glad you reminded me. Also remember? Right? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well, Alex Brent, it's good to see you guys as always. I hope that you're able to visit us in Sf, at any point and see your new office. Yeah, I was gonna ask, thanks.
Alex Poe: Nice here.
George H: You know.
Alex Poe: It was nice meeting you all.
George H: Alright. Thank you.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Joy.
George H: Thank you.
Alex Poe: You can find me on Linkedin. Just add me, and happy to help any way I can.
George H: Send out your info. I'll do a post show with all your ones.
Brent Hasse - Flat: Thank you.
George H: Alright. Thank you so much. See, you guys, bye.
Alex Poe: See you bye.
George H: Yeah.